well hello to all friends séverac
yart i hope you're fine
today we find ourselves for the
second presentation for me of a
one orders so with a block command
we will succeed in being able to drive a
3.6 car you'll say the map
it is rather weird it is rather
handed over without you maybe going to tell me
finally it's actually the shader it does not
does even on the stone in fact of the shader
acid I love I think that's it yes
shader r5 poster
so that's distorting everything I'm you
will make a short video later to
know more about that brief today
is on the map
in fine who roam of unity paradox
so apparently the map on the
description we do not worry but we
is not there for that I just took
yesterday my to be able to do the decor
today we will learn to drive
a car in minecraft everything
simply
so for that you will need the
how of blocks and the order in
the description you will have to copy it
stick inside the colon blog just
here there we do control v gives
this is the order got into the
colon block and so to tell you again
world bolt you know because that I
viva
@ peace in the parenthesis before not what
country like end that is reduced
underscore pardon block as soon as you
enter and that's it if you take a small
button you so to order at
inside and so on the map
normally there is not all this
zone on the ground it's just me who
unite for because if you
know a little bit less
orders will be a little bit a big one
machine that will ring so it's
party cheer right away gao
I hope I'm doing big enough because
that otherwise it did it in that sense
down is not very serious taste tac so
not rich at minecraft at minecraft who
is the one who creates he created a lot
besides customs orders
it is pretty big in there and so we
thank you this is the link of his from his
original video evening in the registration
so the machine and finishes assembling
so here we have the panels so the
car that we can drive
simply so parisian minecraft
get it in the right thing to decide
get it is so see with the music a
little bit of it because the stylus
wafa ok it's okay I was moving
more ourselves not why listen to me
believe that in fact there is a small problem
with this music slam head of the
canton minecraft version in his music
Roman evening it's not a big deal so we
will be staging this year there
this week we will change the time I
test the map listen at the same time
runs away so that's how decree is
now wright click here to have
our said m
to train the car we first put the
key plus get it not received anymore their
stand and there we have an egg that appears
like these miraculously we can
delete our system and just keep
the egg is actually spawn tac the car
so the car a pretty cool design there
there's no need for Easter textures or
anything this leprechaun mind quarters
inside you have to aim for
can go in and you'll see that
this car is fantastic for
not spent either a huge thing and
to make shorts I know
not if you do it a little back
towards the future between like that it's
huge so you're going to see the wheels in
obsidian and twitter the design is
nice we're going in
you will see that they are not flying
like other cars
so we will move forward with the keys
Finally, I do not know what your
keys to advance in minecraft so
we do not move with his keys there
it's really with the slider of the
mouse we will fight 5 it's really
with the mouse cursor we aim for a
place is just so here
to start the car we press
start by opening the kitten we just
to click on start
we can also see you change the
speed so here we are at 0 1 we go to
0.5 it's going a little faster
it's not bad either we'll try
to go on the road there is one can
no we can not block the water that
waited for one overthrows but another and
because they had a little hole in
staircase do not you it's not here
so so start we will get in
Maximum speed is chipped up here
we could see it's okay it's pretty stylish
would say the road from m caillaud handle if
you see in dragon ball
the amap is enough it's pretty strange
I hope you have not given too much
want to
want to vomit anyway and now
instead of taking all the others
tags in the mouth we can go into
way back to the future of a sudden with
these lover fashion so the obermatt
what is it there I do not know
why it does not make parcels is this
that if I go on the arm it was because
that I'm ok that's because it's
a particular brand
wait, let's go back here
come back there and make love her fashion
to get off the car be you
click stop in the chat either you
you go down with a smic in all
simply with as in the
same usual cards luxury in hand
a map there so start over mode
why do not take off normally
they take off the small particles
may need to go faster
no that's not it
this is it here
but here you see it so that's it if you
also you want to make a little game
it's not a short film
cinematic anywhere that it can be
nice with shaders and it's
So a little bit too fast because
she's not managing the same because to clear the
car down right but here it is
it's a small order that's pretty
friendly so there we lose
altitude I think we can go up
or no no I think we can not
back up he did not specify I looked
the video of the uptr he did not
precisely be very serious so voila
what the little particles that
always add a nice little effect
let's see this brief 5 it's super that super
weird
here with the road or there the road
do not go back we go
to drop into nothingness and in the
oversights of the ultimate abyss we will
come back here we will get back with
normal little shader which makes everything
lead the game a little bit nicer
and suddenly I hope you 'll have
enjoyed this video friends do not hesitate
not to show it to me in the
live commentary is still at
subscribing to my channel so I
you say more for an upcoming episode
from one as a block
so suddenly hi everyone I
savor after this video lease